README.md, before:

# Good README Generator

  ![License](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MIT&message=license&color=red)     ![Language](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=JavaScript&message=language&color=brightgreen)



## Description

  *The what, why, and how:*

  In this assignment, we were tasked with creating a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md from a user's input using the Inquirer package. Our generated README file needs to include the title of the project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions.
  
  When the user chooses a license, a badge is generated and displayed at the top of the README. I also decided to add a 'language' badge to make it even more professional. We also had to create a 'Table of Contents' section with links that, when clicked on, would take the user to the corresponding section of the README. The finishing touch to this project was to add some fontAwesomeicons to make it more interesting to read!

  ---

## Video Tutorial


[![IMAGE](Develop/assets/video.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j9GrG6QTUkGiJMAumKA4bWCoDt3iasW_/preview) 

  ---
## Table of Contents


  - [Description](#description)
  - [Video Tutorial](#video-tutorial)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Questions](#questions)
 
 ---

<img src = "Develop/assets/laptop-house-solid.svg" width="40">


## Usage
  *Instructions and examples for use:*

  
---

<img src = "Develop/assets/question-circle-regular.svg" width="40">

## Questions?

  *For any questions about this application, please contact me via the information below:*

  GitHub: https://github.com/users/rachelkline
  
  Email: rachel_kline@icloud.com

---
  <br>

  [Icons provided by https://fontawesome.com/]

Commit message:

Deleted video file and updated video to a link instead

README.md, after:

# Good README Generator

  ![License](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MIT&message=license&color=red)     ![Language](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=JavaScript&message=language&color=brightgreen)



## Description

  *The what, why, and how:*

  In this assignment, we were tasked with creating a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md from a user's input using the Inquirer package. Our generated README file needs to include the title of the project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions.
  
  When the user chooses a license, a badge is generated and displayed at the top of the README. I also decided to add a 'language' badge to make it even more professional. We also had to create a 'Table of Contents' section with links that, when clicked on, would take the user to the corresponding section of the README. The finishing touch to this project was to add some fontAwesomeicons to make it more interesting to read!

  ---

## Video Tutorial

Click the play button to be redirected to the video tutorial.

[![IMAGE](Develop/assets/video.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j9GrG6QTUkGiJMAumKA4bWCoDt3iasW_/preview) 

  ---
## Table of Contents


  - [Description](#description)
  - [Video Tutorial](#video-tutorial)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Questions](#questions)
 
 ---

<img src = "Develop/assets/laptop-house-solid.svg" width="40">


## Usage
  *Instructions and examples for use:*

  
---

<img src = "Develop/assets/question-circle-regular.svg" width="40">

## Questions?

  *For any questions about this application, please contact me via the information below:*

  GitHub: https://github.com/users/rachelkline
  
  Email: rachel_kline@icloud.com

---
  <br>

  [Icons provided by https://fontawesome.com/]
